television is present in life
of almost any child and it can be
entertaining educational and provides the
opportunity to meet different
cultures around the world all
we remember with joy
those children's series that marked
our childhood but also
we remember those shows that
they were horrifying disturbing and
gloomy is why in this
documentary I will introduce you to the 8 shows
children's most spooky
television I remember you down at the
description are the links
so you can see each of the videos in
the eighth position is boba the
best way to describe this
show what you believe or not is that
It consists entirely of creatures
multicolored with anime eyes that only
dance and float in a dimension of
hyperbaric nightmare full of rainbows
psychedelics and luminescent flashes
Children who dare to look at this
program will undoubtedly have high
chances of suffering an attack
epileptic this children's show makes a
admirable work when combining music
deranged doll heads
inherent to fear and body
and deformed aliens there is no
history there are no games there is no
script and the most unpleasant of all is
that every few minutes a childish voice
scream at every moment the word fool
position 7 pippermint park is a series
child who uses puppets
spooky whose eyes look like
corpses their bodies are made of a plastic
rigid and the voices of the characters
they sound like those recorded in a
mental hospital
this television broadcast shows that no
there is nothing more frightening and disturbing than
wanton destruction of self
sanity of oneself for it if you want
develop psychiatric disorders
It would be great if you could see a single
episode of this show position 6 rupert
to see the bear rupert was born in the decade
of the 70s and many individuals
they have good memories of this
show however most
people only remember it in the
cartoon and is likely to have
forgotten the puppet version that
there was before the creepy thing about this
program was that the puppets had
anthropomorphic animal forms and
they were clearly operated through
amateurs besides rupert the bear
there was a lot of horrible
characters for example a deformed sheep
a floating ball of fire with legs
a little pig with a giant head
etcetera position 5 vikings was another
television program that emerged in the
70s and the main characters of
this show were puppets almost
any kind of inanimate doll is
inherent in fear however when it
used properly can
produce a tenderizing effect not
However, there are those who find a
piece of worn carpet they put their
hairy hand in it sew her eyes and
a deformed mouth to finally call
to this abomination toy of love
unfortunately this children's series
created a cast of bizarre
monstrosities that instead of causing
tenderness gave off fear and disgust
so much so that the main character of
this series looks like a pet
deceased that was unearthed and returned
to life after having died
three weeks position 4
this television broadcast was known in
us like the diabolical dolls in great
part because the puppets were
quite spooky absolutely
all the characters in this series are
horrifying notwithstanding the most
terrifying is zelda that probably
be the ugliest villain ever seen
in a children's show because it seems
a mentally unstable grandmother with
rotten apple skin on his face in
As for his henchmen one of them looks
vaguely like frankenstein but with
evil eyes and his voice sounds like a
orchestra of infernal animals and the
another one looks like a cursed clown who is
point of starvation position 3
Jigsaw was a series of the 80s whose
The main issue was solving riddles and
puzzle with the help of the
little ones
Mr. Nose was one of the
main characters of the program and
many children remember it in their
nightmares any description of this
actor would not be as disturbing as seeing
a picture of him or worse yet see him sow
demonic noses in your greenhouse
from my point of view I do not think there
nothing else
to be alone in a room
dark with a white mask noses
giants and a hellish smile position
2 she and yoga what the pathological comes in
several different flavors and we have
covered many of them already puppets
puppets masks damn animals
anthropomorphic etcetera however
we neglect one of the main
pillars of child terror pedophilia
that is until we visit that little
corner of hell known as yoga and
we realize how aberrant
It can be a show
this television broadcast was about yoyo
Quijote and his misshapen cock that they taught
to children how to do yoga this
program is one of the most
disturbing that a human being can see
since I've heard he preferred a
most practical approach to teach this
discipline since I often embraced
he touched and caressed all the children
while they were in position is
somewhat suggestive position 1 lessons
biblical of Christian science this
program is one of the most abominable
great in the history of television
orchestrated by a schizophrenic
boundary called the beat hard the show
it is based on puppets human actors and
horrible religious songs for
bring your message to the children
puppets are grotesque and every time
appear on the screen remind us of
chucky the diabolical doll and in itself
outside little sometimes people
who participate in the broadcast use
Exotic masks and glasses by elton jhon
making this series a torment
simply the words that you just
listen do not do it justice I hope you
have liked my video thanks